Add the sample web log data to Kibana.


Answer the following questions:


In the last 7 days, how many unique visitors were located in India? 
- 251


In the last 24 hours, of the visitors from China, how many were using Mac OSX?
- 19

In the last 2 days, what percentage of visitors received 404 errors? How about 503 errors?
- 404 - 11.538% 503 - 5.769%


In the last 7 days, what country produced the majority of the traffic on the website?
- China 


Of the traffic that's coming from that country, what time of day had the highest amount of activity?
1 pm


List all the types of downloaded files that have been identified for the last 7 days, along with a short description of each file type (use Google if you aren't sure about a particular file type).
gz - these are compressed archives that are created by the zip (gzip) compression
css - this the summary of a configuration file for the products that are installed locally on a system
zip - compressed files that take up less storage space which may have one or more files in a directory
deb - Debian Software Package file is a standard Unix archive which is used for installing packages. 
rpm - a Red Hat Package manager file that is used to store installation packages on Linux operating systems. 

Now that you have a feel for the data, Let's dive a bit deeper. Look at the chart that shows Unique Visitors Vs. Average Bytes.


Locate the time frame in the last 7 days with the most amount of bytes (activity).
In your own words, is there anything that seems potentially strange about this activity?
16,750 is the highest amount of bytes found in the data chart. This was on 2021-12-16 15:55. I found it suspicious that it only showed that there was only 1 unique visitor indicated. According to how the numbers correlate, the higher amount of bytes and the more unique visitors are found. 
Filter the data by this event.


What is the timestamp for this event?
The timestamp for this event is per 4 hours 
What kind of file was downloaded?
A gz file was downloaded
From what country did this activity originate?
China
What HTTP response codes were encountered by this visitor?
This showed data available so there were no HTTP response codes that these visitors encountered. 
Switch to the Kibana Discover page to see more details about this activity.


What is the source IP address of this activity?
Source Ip addresses: 1.145.31.121 
What are the geo coordinates of this activity?
"lat": 28.28980556, "lon": -81.43708333
What OS was the source machine running?
win 8 
What is the full URL that was accessed?
https://artifacts.elastic.co/downloads/kibana/kibana-6.3.2-linux-x86_64.tar.gz 
From what website did the visitor's traffic originate?
http://www.elastic-elastic-elastic.com/success/aleksandr-serebrov 
Finish your investigation with a short overview of your insights.


What do you think the user was doing? 
I think this user was trying download from packages to capture sample data logs from kibana in gz files from elastic
Was the file they downloaded malicious? If not, what is the file used for?
It wasn’t an alert of any malicious activity, This file is used to store logs from data detected by elastic within kibana. This could potentially be an administrator going through its system updates 
Is there anything that seems suspicious about this activity?
I find it suspicious that this information is being requested. I wonder what the user’s intention is with the need of this sensitive data.  
Is any of the traffic you inspected potentially outside of compliance guidelines?
I would suspect that the data I inspected could potentially be outside of compliance guidelines because depending on a company’s policy you could leak confidential information by looking into these log files.  
